we're making an episode today but what
about telling a joke in public and that
who's better to ask than our stand-up
comedian friend yeah yeah I've actually
done comedy in public huh all right so
the rules were simple we found four
terrible jokes on the internet and here
they are you can pause if you want to
read them and chose four different
locations around the city and we're
going to leave it up to chance to
determine who says what and where I'll
go first
you can't look it Rick good uh what's
this places or places oh my god
I guess I guess it's to forgive them no
no no I I will pick my joke I was it I
will say them no very smelly this is a
University class I'm not this is how you
do it
no dude we agree on this before we
started we and then it was the rules
I got a dad joke babies nice yes
all right here's the draw Omar got the
burrito joke in the university class
Matt got the dad joke in the library
Darren our cameraman got the bar joke in
a bus and me Thomas I got the muffin
joke at a grocery store during
apparently the prophets in fancy doesn't
like people making an asset that's what
so if you're selling me Oh
so I can't find my younger brother was
here a second ago is there any way I can
use the intercom it all a month hey guys
click quick announcement hey guys do you
want to study bigger - sorry
I'm just like to tell a very short
English girl math I'm waiting for you at
the cache I also have a joke now when
you get a burrito back and it's not
folded properly and it's missing the
meat is missing the guac it's missing
the bean and it's made out of paper it's
two midterms and you failed good so I
can't believe my dad was stealing from
his dog as a road worker
that's like an in-home and all the sons
were there
I'm polar bear walks into a bar and the
bartender says what will you have and
the polar bear goes
a beer and then the bartender goes why
the long pause he goes I don't know I've
always thought there's two muffins and
during the oven and one Levin says to
the other muffin damn it's getting
really hot in here and the other one
says oh my god a talking muffin thank
you see those so [ __ ] good god a
horse walks into a bar and dyslexic
walks into a bra alright last one last
one
a man walks into the bar last one
a blind man walks into a bar one more
one more
I hope to be out of the bus by now
you can't join us without participating
so what Thomas doesn't know is that he's
next that we have a terrible knock joke
port no I was nice enough that you guys
won sorry brick I have a joke five
seconds
knock-knock mana no not your business
all right I know shun - and building a
Thomas Road
hmm